Okay, do I sound normal it's giving I was very traumatized after the last situation bet
I also really like that your background looks so much like mine now it looks like we really I know are coordinated
I almost want to I think I want to move my camera further back. So like yeah, or I need the same sizes
Yeah, I don't think I can actually move mine forward very easily. So if you could move yours back
That'd be great. How much I can move it back, but oh, I'll try yeah for I head to the same size
That would be perfect
I think your framing is maybe better because sometimes like depending on where I'm like if I go like that
See how my head the head the gets cut off. Yeah chair. So I think you're just more right
Hope all the audio only people and really enjoyed that segment
The randomness of when I click the record button and we're in the middle of talking about our AV setup every time
Yeah, it's on this podcast a couple things well, it might be a little short
I may have a cut off before we get to an hour, but - we got to talk a little bit logistics for next week
we are going to Dallas and
We're gonna double dip and use this podcast time as time to talk through a couple things
So we did we figured some stuff out yesterday. Well, I have a little story about that. So you saw me yesterday message being like
Can I do a call with someone and I'm like a confusing a few things. Mm-hmm
so prime calls me a video call and he is
Dending outside and it looks kind of sweaty and it's it's kind of choppy like the like the video quality initially
So I couldn't fully understand what he was saying, but I was like, oh, we're doing outside. He goes. I'm digging a hole
I'm like
But he wasn't like I'm digging a hole and here's why he says that I'm digging a whole period. Yeah about to ask
Why are you digging a hole?
And this is a part I really cut up. So I like did I understand what he was saying for a bit?
And I like it was a big awkward pause, but I think what he said was
My dog hasn't been running around her eating for a month, but I think it's time
Gonna put the dog down and he already done a whole for it. He was digging a hole and he was like, okay
Now's the perfect time to call Dax and talk about this
Between digging the hole and putting his dog down and putting the dog in the hole. I thought yeah good opportunity
It's like it's so hard to get ahold of him in general. Yeah, and that's like the moment he chooses to be like oh, yeah
I love prime messages like on slack. It's the best like every one of their the voice dictated and it's like he has no idea
What's going on next week? And I just love it. It's the best my favorite form of this is when
Literally at the last second. He'll ask a question being like
He's like like vaguely worried that nothing has been figured out. Yeah, but it's like way too late this point
Yeah, he's like did we book hotels and it's like we're like tomorrow
Well, you said tomorrow like
You're flying tomorrow to Dallas
No, no, I'm going to Maine for Alan's wedding
Right, and you're flying from me
Yeah, yeah, no, I just freaked me out for a second that I had the dates wrong or something
That's the first thing I want to talk about is I'm flying in Sunday. I think everyone is flying in Sunday
Yeah, I get there at 5 40 something prime also gets there 5 something okay, so
We're gonna have dinner tomorrow night and then Monday is the basketball game. That's all it's Monday
Okay, so here's a schedule from Monday. Well, this podcast doesn't go out after right on Monday
I mean it'll go out Monday morning. What do you mean? I guess it's fine if we spoil a little bit
It's fine
Schedule is
We need to be at the basketball venue around one because the thing starts at
Two ish so we go there like set up figures figure things out
So if we leave around one we'll get there at the right time. So that only leaves like from the morning
Like round eight eight nine ish to to one for us to do other stuff. Mm-hmm. So I
Think the plan right now is on Sunday. We'll get dinner and we'll talk through some
Additional ideas we can do for the basketball stream. Yep. So TJ is gonna build just the thing that David
Designed the overlay. Oh David is on an overlay. Yeah. He just posted it today. Oh
Yeah, so bare minimum TJ is gonna build that in Laravel with five wire in all that stuff. Okay
So at minimum we'll at least arrive there already having that so as I will have nothing and then we'll brainstorm some other ideas
We can do on top of that to see if we can get some interactivity
Okay in the overlay going and they'll they'll have like a couple hours in the morning to build that maybe we'll work on
Some of it Sunday night me and you are not gonna be part of that stream in the morning
Right because we need to go pick up something. Okay. I'm not gonna fully spoil it. We need to go pick up something. Uh-huh. Okay. I
Really it's better to like half spoil it because then now people are gonna really really want to know
Yeah, I know what we picked up. Yeah, you got to go pick that up
We need to bring it back. I don't know if we'll have time to do to film with a thing
We're picking up because that's the purpose of this thing
We're gonna film with it in the morning because we might need to go to basketball game before we have time to do that
Yeah, but the game ends at five and
We have daylight until 8 p.m. So if we leave like exactly at five
We'll have three hours to do a bunch of stuff and I think that's enough for
Yeah, a few things that we want to do
And then we'll go return it
The thing the thing if you can't guess what it is when I say whether pick it up and return it like
Okay
And then and then Tuesday
Yeah, and then we're pretty much done now for that like Tuesday. Wednesday is just uh hanging out
So that's what I was gonna say is like Tuesday when is the conference when is lara calm?
It's on it's Tuesday morning Tuesday morning. It's just Tuesday and Wednesday. Oh and Wednesday
And then everyone's flying out Thursday. Yeah, I'm flying out Thursday morning
Okay, I miss I hate missing out on hangout time
But I'm probably gonna fly back Tuesday because I mean, I think I think realistically I'm gonna be working
Tuesday Tuesday during the conference and I'll hang out in the evening
Yeah, like what I mean, there's a serving coffee
Is there any other responsibility that terminal has at the conference? Just
Hanging out. Yeah, I think just because of the serving coffee bar is handled by the catering company
So we just need to drop off. Oh, right. Yeah, drop off all the coffee. We should be there of course, but
Yeah, there's not like active work
Like there was a lot of time. Cool. Well, I was stressing out because it's like
What what sat me use the NFL season is like our super bowl. Just when it starts. It's like a big deal
We got all these releases going out with that and that's just
Not this week, but next week. I mean, it's or not the week. We're there, but the next week
uh first week of september
And I was all stressed just like i'm gonna miss all of next week
And I have stuff to get done and then I realized like I don't probably have to be there the whole time
Yeah, it's a basketball games monday. That's the main thing I knew
I've been playing some basketball and then getting back in basketball shape. Not really. I'm in terrible shape
The basketball's different like running up and out of court
Yeah, my word. The heart is pounding. It's my shoulder hurts from shooting really feeling like we should switch it to half court
Yeah, maybe
Or before because
That my excuse is gonna be that it's gonna be way easier for where we're filming because it's kind of ridiculous to ask the person
To run around and chase this. Yeah, so I also want to talk about the streaming setup because this is a big stressor at mine
I've seen messages floating around so west and scott are gonna like commentate which is fantastic
Yeah, are we gonna be doing the streaming from our laptop in the arena and we're gonna use something we have a hard line
Yeah, so we're gonna use something like ping to get their camera feeds. Is that the idea?
Yeah, okay, so I need do I need to be doing all that because I feel like
They were wanting to do a test. No, you don't you have to worry about that. I know only thing that from you is the camera
Yeah, I'm gonna bring the camera in a gimbal and we can use that for recording for the stream
For anything we need a camera for right and all like the wireless stuff
Yeah, and so big in bot can just carry it around it can be connected to our laptop and send the OBS stream
Yeah, man. There's so much if we had a ton of time. There's so much cool stuff
We could do with the OBS and like the scoreboard like we could there's just so much
We are we are gonna make the scoreboard like we are nice. That's what tj's
How's it how's it gonna be? It looks it looks like it literally looks like an NBA overlay. It's awesome
I gotta see this. Uh, I'm pulling up slack right now
How
Oh, look at this. How are we gonna get the score?
Whoever whoever's been in the laptop. We have one of uh tj's friends is coming
He's gonna be working the OBS set up and you can just control the
Oh, nice. Okay. Cool. This is awesome. These overlays look amazing
If we had like a week of just all of us focusing on
On this we could have done something even even cooler. Oh, yeah, I hope I'm sure we can figure out some small things on sunday and monday
But yeah with the ads going on the bottom like I know it's so good
David's just incredible that reminds me too. I gotta make this page for the website. Can I do it?
Can I do it probably? I mean, it's basically just like other pages we have so I can just
Change the text. It's fine
It's fine. Okay. Well, is that all the logistics for next week that we need to talk about?
I I think so. So I'm mainly I think the biggest variable is
Are we gonna be able to get good footage of the thing we're picking up? Yeah, the thing
Yeah, we're gonna be able to get the wheels and that there's some basics that we can do
and uh
Just fun teasing this stuff out
I wonder if anyone who listens to our podcast actually cares about any of this like I wonder how many of our podcast listeners like
Know about terminal and well, they know about terminal because we talk about it incessantly
But like actually have bought the coffee actually follow us on twitter. I have no idea
I mean, I kind of know who listens, but like there's a big chunk of them. I don't know
Yeah, it's it's really wild. I've had I keep having this experience this week where and this has been happening the whole time
I've been working at SST, but especially the past two weeks because we had these releases going
People talk to me about really obscure specific things and i'm like
Whoa, you like went and really looked at it to go find that right so I
Uh, so we open source of terminal codebase
But I I opened the source that technically like days before I announced it and people found it
I was already getting questions in the sst discord about like about stuff in there and I was like
Wow, it's crazy that you were just
What was like the trigger that made you go find it where you're just like casually checking
I haven't actually you made a video too, right? I gotta pull this up. I haven't watched the video yet
Yeah, I don't think it's gonna be that interesting for you. It's just like a 45 minute overlay of like every older
45 minutes. Yeah, it was serious video
Serious. Oh, how we saw coffee from the journal found it. Yeah, but the other I mean the video also, right?
So it's just like a 45 minute
It's not like one of our usual fun videos is like a yeah, it's more of a serious video
Uh, but I posted it and like an hour later people were asking me like very specific questions from very specific parts of the video
And it's just wild that people do yeah, it puts up out there people do like
Engage with it. It's even craziest. You just a handful of people do that. Yeah, there's instead
Did I see a read me update and a poll request? That's nice
That was thanks. Thanks. Oh, we also know we also know we also had a typo fix from someone of course
Yeah, yeah
If you're listening and you write code what you probably do if you're listening to this
Uh, hit up the terminal repo make some changes fix stuff for us. That'd be cool
Open source is great. I also was getting
So many messages people people being like you left the credentials in there and every time they would say that would panic because we have
Some credentials that are like not changeable like we have because we do this as a sage thing like we have
Yeah permanent credentials that cannot be rotated. Yeah, what what were they seeing like what I saw your message
So I would freak out and we'll go check at what they were actually talking about and it was never a real credential
It's just that the read me had information about rw s s o setup
Oh, yeah
Which I totally get because anytime you see the account ideas everyone's like oh, yeah
People feel like that's scary, but it was a kind of these are not private
For anyone that's interested in this very obscure fact
They're not private. You don't need to redact them when you send them to people
You cannot do anything malicious with an account ID. It happens a lot when I stream where I just let them be on screen
I don't care and people are like just saw your you just leaked your account ID like don't care
Doesn't matter
It's kind of a fun trivia fact. It doesn't matter. Yeah, so let's bring it on with you
Let's uh let's actually talk and not just plan. I mean, I've been so busy. So same
Yeah, you've been you've like disappeared like I've been
Really anywhere. Well, yeah, I dropped off twitter for sure. That's the first thing to go whenever I uh get really busy
I think in general, I think I literally
I just I just haven't heard from you. Um, that's what David just said. David sent me a DM and said hey
You've been really quiet. You okay?
Yeah, what was it? I've been really quiet like I'm realizing now that
if I get
10 or 20 percent busier
That doesn't seem like that much of a difference to me
But I see how my behavior totally changes from someone externally. So I think it just seems more dramatic to us
Yeah, I was very chatty probably in the terminal discord before and I've not been as chatty or chatty at all
I'm mostly just a moat. I just eem. What's the word?
Emode those yeah, I do those I laugh at any things I see yeah
Yeah, but uh, I've also been pretty busy because we finally got a cv3 out and it was just like
Yeah, it's all that it was two weeks after we planned on releasing it, of course
So do you do imports imports work now or they already did?
Uh, yeah, we have we haven't been there for a little bit everything I need for stat news. I guess is there
Yeah, we even have a migration guide. I like I said, it's all there
but you might still run into some blockers that we
Just haven't foreseen but like the stuff that applies to everyone
Is there? Mm-hmm. I guess that migration is still is so pretty tricky. But uh, okay. Here's another thing. So
Yeah, we've been working on ion for six months and yet it's been out and people have been using it
but in my head, it's always like
Software is slow like you
People need to like
Spend years before they actually start to use something. Yeah, I get I've had a few experiences a week
Someone had an issue so I said, hey, can you send me your all of your st config like all the all the code?
Yeah, all the all your files for sst
They send me a zip. I open it 62 files
I'm just like what how did people build this big like app already like their infra files
Just just resources files not their application code at all. Wow
62 yep, and we have someone with
Thousands of resources and there's like they're hitting like a performance issue. Wow
I mean, I thought I had a pretty big project. I thought we used a lot of stuff, but not like that
Nothing like that actually it's it's really crazy and because I'm always like how people are really conservative
with new stuff and like it hasn't been super stable and everything, but it's somehow
People power through that to like get to this size. So yeah, I just keep having these experiences week where I'm like
This is like way
Just way outside of my expectations of what I what I thought people were doing which is it was really good
Like it's great seeing that um, so we've just been
just really
On top of everything like github issue all the messages and in our discord
So just been reacting to that. It's kind of nice though because it shifts from
Like a lot of undefined abstract work and thinking to like a bulleted list of yeah fix this fix this fix this
It's done wake up next day fix this fix this fix this fix this and you're looking back every two weeks and now it's suddenly
Really polished. So yeah, it's a good nice face to be in. I love it. Uh, I love it as a user of
sstv3 that
Uh everyone's using it making it better now. Yeah, I mean like helping you guys make it better because there was something like when it very first
Versions there were definitely some rough edges. Uh, I'm just realizing on this podcast. We've gone from sst1
To two and now to three
Wow, and that begs the question. What is what's what's the plan for sstv4 when are we writing again?
Let's go
It's funny because jay sent this screenshot of all our blog posts for the previous versions and they're almost exactly a year apart
And every single time we released it. We're just like I can't think of anything
They're like a giant release, but I will say this time around even though I said this before
We are like out of fundamental ideas
Like there were all these things that we wanted to do that we just couldn't in v2 even when we released it
We knew that it was in support x y and z. Yeah, now it really feels like
We can do everything and if this doesn't grow a lot bigger
It just means the fundamental ideas wrong like we I don't think it's the execution. I don't think it's any of that
So I'm glad to finally be able to be at a phase where it's clear that if it's working
It's working if it's not working it means like
And there's not like any mystery around why it's not working. Yeah, but like I said, even already the adoption and growth has been
Much better than anything we've done before. So
It feels right. I love it. I mean, it's my favorite way to build stuff. I could show it all day long
Yeah, maybe we should do that sometime. Maybe I should just
It's been all podcast talking through how much I love sscv3. Yeah, that's what I've been doing
Yeah, that's what you've been doing. I'm but I'm working on a mobile app. I
I'm not a mobile developer. Is that the big release for the NFL season the mobile? Yeah, we're trying to get the the mobile app out
We've had an iOS app for years
We've never had an Android app. But the iOS app has been I mean, it's been out there and just not the same as our website
It's just a very different thing
And literally every time we tweet like
Some cool new thing we did anytime we tweet like product stuff. It's like we need an app. We don't care
We want an app. Give us an app, bro
Like everybody just wants a native app and I I don't relate to that like I I guess like maybe because I'm a web developer
I just want the web to be enough. It's like we have a website. It's great. It looks good on mobile
She's website people don't care. They want an app and it's like normie normie people because people don't use their computer
I guess a lot of normal people just do not use a computer. That's true. They just use funds now. They don't have to
Get on a computer if they're not doing knowledge work. I guess
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I guess like
Is what what is so this is a good topic? What is the fundamental difference between native apps and a good web app?
Like why does it just feel worse in a web browser? I know it does
But I can't articulate why I think it's entirely around the touch and the scrolling
That's that's my feeling
So if you like if you build a good app like again, like take linear linear is a good app if you use it on mobile web
There's like probably nothing better that they can do really at that point
They just limit by the way it feels that that's what I want to know
What is it limited by like what are the laws of physics if we go first principles here?
Why why can't a browser have as responsive of
Scroll and touch as the native app and I was joking about the first principles. That was I was maiming
I'm not that guy at least I'm funny
Sometimes I am that guy sometimes so I have to like
I'm joking
But then if you joke too much and you become that guy again, I know you have to start joking again on top of the jokes so hard
Yeah, it's like inception. Yeah, so I think what I think about is
there are
People that work on high performance web stuff that drop down to canvas
And initially, it's like why the hell would canvas be any faster, right? It's like you're still
Rendering rectangles and like doing all the same stuff your browser does and your browser
Yeah, natively. So why is dropping down to canvas at all?
Faster like that like just never it sends to me, but you do get more perform at uis if you do that
I think it's it must be entirely around
The browser being a thousand percent backwards compatible with all the old
Way out systems and all the old styling stuff and like just the decades of
Things and I'm assuming that puts a ceiling on
On performance, which is why when you drop down to canvas you like are not implementing the whole history of things
There's money exactly what
Uh, the type of stuff that your current application is doing
so
I'm assuming that native apps probably also have a history and have like similar issues
But I think it's a little different because you can control
versions of the os some apps don't work on older versions like they they like actually remove things
So I think it's I think it's purely that I think it's a difference between an infinitely backwards compatible maximum
accessibility and maximum whatever
Versus like a more controlled thing. I think that's
It's just that you're always going to have a gap there. Yeah, so
I guess like if you implemented your so I've got like a react native app. It's actually expo
and it's a like
Whatever, it's got normal native stuff in it. It's got some web views
But if I like somehow implemented the stat news website in a canvas
Let's just assume I went through that pane
Do you think it would feel as good as a native app or not?
I think it could because like really people build games in canvas and like in a browser. It feels good
Yeah, like to see framers are speaking at like okay
Way more complex and so who's done this? Who's built like a normal like scroll view like experience
You should talk to Ken. I'm pretty sure
Oh, he has done stuff. Yeah
I think a lot of their stuff is canvas driven because I think they deal with uh, they they deal with a classic like
shit ton of data
in
Uh like in a table type of thing. Yeah, and that like very quickly hits the limits of traditional browser stuff. Yeah
Yeah, the famous example is figma, right? Like they're doing everything
That's like is that canvas or is that is web gl the same thing? Okay. Yeah, it's it's a mix of
Or was there on canvas web gl at all kind of related. Okay
So if you could just build like normal website functionality using those api's then you wouldn't need a native app maybe
I guess like yeah, and this is flutter, right? This is what flutter is what i'm sorry. What is flutter?
I thought flutter was just google's react native. Yeah, but I think the web version of it renders to a canvas really
Yeah
Interesting the performance is better. Like it could just be worse given what they're
I want somebody. Yeah, somebody send me like an example of a web like a mobile web experience that feels like a native app
I'm sure somebody's done this. Maybe I could just google it, but it'd be better if you just send us an email at
really great mobile web example at tomorrow.fm
I like just bit funny. Yeah, just aliases email aliases
You know what? I don't know if i've set up an email
It's just a black hole link
That's funny. Well, we'll see. I'm not gonna look. We'll just we'll see if we get any emails who knows you should try the
Flutter thing. I do wonder how do I think the other problem is web
Once you go to canvas your operating system has no idea what's being shown on screen
so a bunch of nativey things probably like
Don't work like don't work anymore. You have to re-implement copy paste in like a
Cheese manual way. Yeah
Any accessibility stuff like hitting tab to like go to the next element all that all that so I see why people really only use it for things like
That are really not document oriented at all. Yeah. Yeah, I'm probably not going to do this because I've mostly got the app built in expo and
That's gonna stay that i hate it so much that you're like wondering about this
Uh
I didn't hate it. Okay. So mobile web development's interesting in some ways. I like it
In other ways. I just missed the web stuff expo. I will say feels pretty similar
To modern web development. I don't know if you've ever played with expo. Yeah, I suppose great
Yeah, so it's great. I think like I get very confused about what's actually happening
Like there's like a javascript bundle and it's doing some stuff. Is it using real native stuff?
I don't know. I just kind of build with the normal controls that expo provides
But most of the app honestly is just web views
It's just coordinating a bunch of different web views because we don't want to build
Every single page on the site all the different like scoreboards and just whatever standings and all the different visuals
We have we don't want to build them all and like swift or whatever
It's just like because then when we have new features
Yeah, it's just it's a small team. It's kind of untenable. So we just we use the web view
And maybe that's like a golden rule. You don't break like don't use web views
I'm sure there's mobile developers who are like screaming at me right now on the other side of the podcast
But I don't know it's working for us. Well, then I guess what's the what's the boundary?
Like what did you decide to do natively and what's what's a web? Why why's not all web? Yeah, so there's a native
Like nav bar at the bottom that has different there are actually different tabs that have different web views loading to different pages
There's other things like we don't render the web ads
In the web views so we got some trickery going on to hide some stuff
If it's the native app and then we render native ads. There's like native ad SDKs. Oh, I see so there's there's stuff like that
Uh, why not just yeah like originally the first
Plan was like, well, we could just build this as a web view and like could it just load our site and then like does that actually improve anything
Is that is that better than a mobile like a web app? I mean, it's at least it's in the app store
So the people who are like give us an app. It's like here's an app. They just don't know that they got suckered into using our web app
But then we thought of some stuff that like the search is more it's native like
Using native controls and the neighbor native keyboard and all that
Uh, just little things like that. It's mostly web views, but there's like the 10 percent that's
That's native just nabbing around the stuff. Do you feel about the result? Like it's you feel good?
It feels pretty good. Yeah, the app feels pretty good. Uh, there were things rough edges at first
Uh that we we exposed like loading states feeling really slow on a native app because you're not used to that but
Uh, we we stripped them out and it's it's feeling a lot better now. Yeah, I don't know
I think I think the people who are asking for an app will be pleased. It is an app in fact
And it's the current stat music experience. Like if you go to the www.statements.com
Uh, it feels like that but just made from an app. So yeah, I think it came out pretty good
Not quite done still a few remaining todays
Uh, but we'll actually have it on the android now too. So that's nice
Although I will say Expo does a lot to like make your life easier
Across these different platforms. There's just all these little weird gotchas though. Like oh, you can't do that on android
Oh, you can't use this api and i'm doing really basic stuff
The the kind of things that are really annoying to then work around. So as an example, uh, form posts
Can't include headers on android, but they can
on ios
So that's the kind of weird thing that you just ship it for both and i've got a team member that has an android phone and they're like
Yeah, I can't ask any questions. It doesn't work. I'm like sure it does. I don't know what you're talking about
Then I had to download the android emulator and all that stuff and then i'm out man
Yeah, so there's still a little whack-a-mole stuff like that. This is one of those things where i'm like
Expo has made it a lot better
but
It's still to me. It's just so painful still that I will just reorient what i'm working on to never
Yeah, if you follow this logic ultimately, i'm going to end up sorting a company that only serves an api because i can't think of something
Like that's how you eliminate anything. Yeah, anything that like sucks
Yeah, if your whole product is just an api
Well, that's I always said that when I was doing freelance work like the great thing about doing like back in the like dev ops
Consulting is there's no like feedback. There's no
UI complaints like if you build full stack websites, which I have for like freelance clients the work never ends
They have opinions on literally everything
You build like something for the cloud or you do like a security audit or you do something that's like
Back end in for us stuff aws stuff. There's like no back and forth. It's like i did the thing
Here's the thing everybody's happy
Whereas you ship some buttons on a web page and there's gonna be opinions about every single thing
Yeah, that's actually a really good point. It's uh, there's this tediousness of front-end
And we both work on front-end a lot and we and we care about front-end
But there's like a tediousness to it that just doesn't exist on back-end where I think this is where
This sense that people have that front-end is quote-unquote easy
I kind of get why people feel that way because you're not really using your brain that much
Yeah, like a lot of the time you're morgers exerting a high level of like labor and just tediousness to get through certain things
Mm-hmm. Um whereas back-end you almost have none of that. So it feels like you're using your brain all the time
Yeah, I much prefer back-end. Have we talked about this?
I really guess like does I dislike front-end so much and how do we keep end up?
Like I keep ending up doing front-end work in my career. I don't know how to escape it. I do so much front-end
It's crazy. It's it's insane actually for for what our skill sets are the amount of front-end work that we do
It's kind of crazy. So I'm gonna explain this to me
Does nobody else want to do it? What are we just too agreeable? You care you just can't not care about it
You know, it's what it's like. I don't know. Maybe I want to not care. Can I not care?
All the places that I do front-end development. What if I just don't want to care anymore? Can I do just do back-end?
I'll talk to status. Maybe I could just but then like the but the front is gonna get worse like and
Engineers, they're great. Why why do I get put on front-end teams? What is it about me?
Do I just do skinny jeans?
What is it about me?
People like you should work on the front-end
Nevermind all your back-end experience. Maybe it's a racial thing. I feel like maybe I think
When someone looked at you and me they would guess that you're the front-end engineer
At first glance, right?
There's nobody there's nobody that we should actually do some kind of you know people know us too. Well, if we could just put our faces
Side-by-side and run like a pole
Can we just like kind of like use AI to modify the image so it doesn't look like us, but it's our
Like our facial hair everything
Yeah, it's actually really good. I would love to know what people say. That's really good
Yeah, I do feel too like I'm getting a little old. I just turned 38 a couple of days ago by the way
Uh, I just turned 38 grads. I don't know you. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, I don't really talk about my birthday
Somebody told me it was a security risk. Do you and I don't have the same birthday?
Maybe
Oh, it's okay. I don't care actually. Do you tell me later what your birthday is?
Okay, it ends in it none of us
No, definitely give it away. Uh, but I'm 30. It has wheels and doors
No, not at all. I'm 38. I do feel like is there a point where you age out of being on the front-end team
It's always gonna be like me and like the 18-year-olds building front-ends
And i'm gonna be 52 and it's like what is going on in my career? Why am I working?
It's like traditionally a junior thing to work on the front-end. You're right. It is a very
Fun has a younger younger vibe to it for sure like you gotta say things like it's giving and it's bad
You're gonna be on the front-end team. You have to know what it means to stay bet and ironically
And I don't actually so someone get me off the front-end team because this is ridiculous. This is really funny
Yeah, someone's gonna be upset. Yes. There are some roles that are very senior in the front-end. We acknowledge that sure
It's also funny. It is funny. I was also talking to kasey just speaking of job roles
Maybe I want to be a manager
someday again
Or I was only for like
10 minutes and then I hated it and I wanted to go back to individual contribution
Do you feel like you're always just gonna be shipping code as a job?
I mean, I used to be I also used to be a manager here's I think it's I think it's like a weird if I like look at my own situation
I think it's not exactly
Like oh, I'm gonna grow out of it. I think it's more like
So my time that I was a hundred I was a hundred percent manager zero code at all. Yeah, which
It's pretty crazy awful and awesome all at same time. Yeah, here's the thing. I didn't think it was awful
I did not think it was awful. My work was very very
Extremely well-defined every single day I had to meet with x number of people
Okay, once I finished that I had no other work to do literally nothing. There's no work
I could have made up for myself. That's what I'm getting at. It's like the individual contributor role
Is so tiresome. It's one thing to the next there will always be a thing that I'm trying to work for yourself
You can always make work for yourself when there's when you've met with everyone. There's no work you can make
So that's what I was feeling like if I was a manager, I would have a lighter load
That's what I assume. Yes, it's an easier job
at the end of the day it kind of feels like
A fake job to me like it was a fake job. Is everybody happy?
Is everyone still hired here? Anyone that needs to be fired has fired. Cool. Did my job. No, I'm gonna chill
Here's what here's what the actual job is like. I think it's it's the perfect like black swan type of thing which comes up like every episode
Every single day my role was extremely predictable extremely stable very easy very straightforward
Give me a lot of time to actually I actually programmed a lot while I was a manager. It does not work stuff. I was able to like work on ideas or new things
Et cuz my day-to-day was so well defined
But every once in a while once a month once every two months
there would be a couple days of like intense stress and discomfort because
My team failed to ship something and the rest of the company is is really pissed or they're upset and like, you know
There's a bunch of chaos and people want to know why and all the stuff and you the one has the answer for that
Um, so there was that no joke
There was also another situation where we were looking for a data engineer forever
And it was like the big bottleneck for a company the cto kept getting bogged down in data engineering stuff
Because he was one that built originally and we were like we got to find a data engineer to replace him because like so much is getting backed up for this
We found one
Great great prior finally we unlocked this problem
two weeks in uh, he was on a call with
Someone else and there was three on the call. I think one might have been external
One person left the call and he said something like insanely racist in front of the other person
And then now it's like
Okay, well
It's like messed up if we like would let him go but only keep him because yeah
This is like a very stressful situation for us
Uh, another person was like really upset by it. So
Yeah, now the back so it's like stupid stuff like that
You know, it's it's like it's when you run to stupid stuff and code it almost feels like
Understandable the world is how the world works when you run to stupid stuff like that. It's just like it just feels unnecessary
It's kind of like genuinely stupid, but I would say overall it was
Better and it just like in terms of like workload being predictable and stable and everything. Yeah
Do you ever see those twitter threads? Not as much lately, but I feel like there was a heyday for this
Maybe a year or two ago threads from like engineering managers very serious influencer types
They're like here's how you get the most out of your team and if you're just managing and you're not thinking about these things
Blah, blah, blah, blah. I think it's all fake. I think like
How do you even measure a good engineering manager? I don't think managers should exist. So it's hard for me to imagine like
Did your job you figured it out and you're gonna teach people how to manage people so that they're happy
There's nothing a manager could do or say to me that would make me better at my job
Like I'm either good at my job or bad at my job
And I just think I'm probably overreacting here and getting way too aggressive
But the whole thing just smells to me
It just seems weird to like obsess about this engineering manager thing
Like it's this high calling and you can get so much out of a team
Show me one like way to measure that that your job was so important that the team did xyz
I just don't get it. Yeah, I think I agree with you that the majority of the people posting that stuff in these mid-level
Manager roles at big companies
Like they're just following some template of like this is what a manager is like and they think that it is impactful when it's really
A technically useless job. It only exists as a side effect of
You do need someone to be a router and coordinate. Yeah beyond that. It's like it doesn't really have to exist
But that said the previous role I was in I was also technically a manager
But it was I was on middle manager. I got like I built the team from the company being zero people
This was a very different situation because it involved getting people motivated
To do stuff that was like well beyond what they thought they could do or like
kind of like irrational at times like working way harder than
They technically had to just having a team that's like really motivated really excited but like run through a wall
That like just say like we need to do this and they would just kind of like run at it
Yeah, I think they're that there's something real there. There's like an actual like leadership
dynamic there
I don't think it shows up in middle managers and now so it's the difference in like
The one manager to start up because somebody has to manage to start up the leader of the engineering team
Versus big company or middle size company with lots of middle managers. That's what you're saying. Yeah
Yeah, so if I mean if I go my current role, I'm no longer in a leadership role
But and we're only three people
Even though we're only three people like jay is technically the CEO
Yeah, and he does pay a crazy amount of attention to all these micro things
I'm not even thinking about and it adds up a lot and I definitely he like definitely like pulls
Like really really great effort out of me. So yeah, I mean you play sports
Like you you get like what i'm talking about like there there is like
An invisible thing that can happen when you have a good leader
But it's not this stupid like
Check in with your team every two weeks to see how they're you know, it's never that special for your one-on-ones
Here's what you should cover. Yeah, I'm realizing like I do this thing where I go really extreme
And I just I completely like discount an entire
A profession or role and I say thing. It's not just that sometimes it's people sometimes whatever
Uh, I'm sorry. I shouldn't do that. It's you're fine. If you're a middle manager, you're a developer manager, whatever
Whatever they're called. I'm sure you're doing a great job. Keep doing it. Keep doing your thing
Don't listen to me. I don't know anything
Great. So I agree with everything you said and use a walk that all back. So
Well, no, I feel like you were like on an island. No, no, no
I think you were like being kind and you were like, yeah, yeah, I agree
But then you're like but actually it is a real thing and it no, but I mean I I didn't I I said this other thing
Is something I value and don't value this this middle manager thing. It's I got you
I here's a thing
Everyone can do whatever they want
But I don't believe in glorifying everything. I'm gonna still have my opinions and values on what I what
Is worth glorifying and aspiring to and being like that's really great. Yeah, it's not everything
It's it can't be everything. What is worth glorifying last question and then I get personal. It's a personal question, right?
Oh, you don't want to answer personal questions on the podcast. I'm saying
I'm saying I can answer no, I'm asking you. Yeah, I'm asking Dax. What's worth glorifying? I
I have this very
You know, here's a good good way to here's a good way to
Figure it out
Everyone will cry at some kind of movie situation. Uh, yeah, there were some tears the other night
We watched inside out too and I didn't cry but people in the family not that it was bad to cry
Not that it would be bad if I cried. I should have cried. I don't have a soul. Anyway, continue
No, but there are some things that will bring I don't think you would like cry, but some things like bring yeah, yours, right?
To your eyes, whatever
I think you can derive what you care about from that. So for me from that
Uh, the thing that always gets me is anytime someone's being like extremely honorable like beyond
Yeah, what you could like imagine someone doing or like doing some kind of crazy sacrifice
Uh, that's what I
Really like value like that always brings a tear to my eye and I think I really value that if you derive that further
Like a lot of those things are rooted in leadership
It's usually like a leader that is going above and beyond for a group of people that are leading
And that's why this flows all the way down to
Like yeah, I do really care about great leadership
I don't think middle managers are represented that but I do think there are people that are
That's my thought that's a good answer
Uh, there is one thing. There's one thing that makes me cry all the time every time it comes up
And I'm gonna save it for next podcast
I love it. I really do have to go
Okay, I'm gonna forget and someone's gonna have to remind me to tell you all on the next episode
Dax try to remember. I'll tell you guys what makes me correct
Is it when people don't have good lighting in their shot? No, but that's a good one too
When people don't have the bokeh on their camera just right
Anyway, I'll see you in a couple days. Yeah, wow
Yeah, when people are listening to this we'll be getting on planes to the alice
We did that once before we're making fun of Adam. We're probably posting funny pictures
We're probably taking
To places in situations that he's very uncomfortable with he's probably gonna be having weird interactions with people
Uh, I just saw by the way hacks or I don't know if he listens to the podcast, but hacks were just pushed to PR to the terminal repo
It's actually a bug fix. Whoa. No, it's an issue. I'm sorry. It's not a PR
He posted a screenshot of a chat with me where he was like, could you please do this?
And I was like, yes, sorry lll and I haven't done it. So
That's funny
Anyway, are you just looking at it? Yeah, that's funny. Yeah, my bad. I thought it was a force. I was so excited. Okay. Well, whatever
All right. All right. See you
[Music]